[SP-5688] Memory dump playbook (#53)
stackpulse/playbooks: kubernetes/java-memory-dump/README.md

# Kubernetes Java Memory Dump

<img src="https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/raw/master/logo/logo.png" width="100">

![env](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=env&message=Kubernetes&style=flat&logo=Kubernetes&color=326CE5)
![uses-slack](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=uses&message=Slack&style=flat&logo=slack&color=4A154B)

[![Import to StackPulse](../../images/open_in_stackpulse.svg)](https://app.stackpulse.io/playbook/create?tab=playbook#https://github.com/stackpulse/playbooks/blob/master/kubernetes/java-memory-dump/playbook.yaml)

> This playbook perform memory dump of application running in a Kubernetes pod, upload it to cloud storage and send the summary along with the option to restart the pod directly from Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook performs a memory dump of an application running in a Kubernetes pod, uploads it to a cloud storage of your choice and sends the summary along with the option to restart the pod directly from Slack.
```

## Your benefits

> - Get heap dump of your Java application without setup or orchestrate the tooling by yourself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get a heap dump of your Java application without the need to setup or orchestrate the tooling by yourself
```
